# 01 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. For the NSA Cryptography assignment, what did you learn about how Java parameter passing differs from C++?

I've never actually coded in C++ before but it doesn't seem to differ from Python. The stack overflow post I read said this about Java parameter passing: "Java is always pass-by-value. Unfortunately, when we pass the value of an object, we are passing the reference to it." Python's the same when we pass the value of an object. So it doesn't seem all that different to me.

2. Did you complete the Stretch Challenge for the NSA Cryptography? If so, briefly describe what you did, and how you structured your code.

Yes I did. I added another exception class that extends from my hashuserpassword. I then added a loop with a try catch after the user enters their first password. If it didn't meet the given criteria, I gave them additional instructions and had them reenter a different password. It would not let them continue until they met this criteria.


3. What did you learn from comparing your code to the teacher's solution?

I learned some better formatting tips that I could use for my code in the future.


4. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?

I want to better understand exceptions and how, when, and where to use them in the future.


5. If you were getting paid to work on this week's Prove assignment and you had another month to work on it, what would you add?

I think something good to add would be extra measures of security. Many times when entering passwords you have security questions the user can be asked. This might be good to add on in the future.

6. A common Java interview question is "What are javadocs and when should they be used?". How would you answer that question?

Many javadocs are generated by IDEs. They are standardized documentation describing classes, methods, constructors, and fields. You should always use them to help anyone (even yourself) better understand your code when they come looking at it.

7. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?

I really appreciated the team activity this week. I felt like it gave me a good boost on getting up to speed on Java.

8. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?

I thought everything was helpful this week as I was starting from ground zero up :)


9. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

01 Prepare - 1 hour
01 Prove - 4 hours 30 mins
01 Ponder - 30 mins
----------------------------
Total Hours - 6 hours
